Remove usage middleware dispatcher in `Route`, `Group` and `MatchingResult` (#210)
yiisoft/router: CHANGELOG.md

## 4.0.0 under development

> - Chg #210: Remove usage middleware dispatcher in `Route`, `Group` and `MatchingResult` (@vjik)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Chg #210: Remove usage of middleware dispatcher from `Route`, `Group` and `MatchingResult` (@vjik)
```
